on the first day of Christmas my true
love gave to me a partridge in a pear
tree
on the second day of Christmas my true
love gave to me two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the third
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
three French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the fourth
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
four calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge in a pear
tree on the fifth day of Christmas my
true love gave to me five golden rings
four calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge in a pear
tree on the sixth day of Christmas my
true love gave to me six geese a-laying
five golden rings four calling Birds
three French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the seventh
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
seven swans a-swimming six geese
a-laying
I've golden rain we're calling Birds
three French and two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the eighth
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
eight maids a-milking seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the ninth
day of Christmas my true love gave to me
nine ladies dancing eight maids
a-milking seven swans a-swimming six
geese a-laying five golden rings four
calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge in a pear
tree on the tenth day of Christmas my
true love gave to me ten Lords a-leaping
nine ladies dancing eight maids
a-milking seven swans a-swimming six
geese a-laying five golden rings four
calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge in a pear
tree on the eleventh day of Christmas my
true love gave to me eleven pipers
piping ten Lords a-leaping nine ladies
dancing eight maids a-milking seven
swans a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the 12th
to me twelve drummers drumming eleven
pipers piping ten Lords a-leaping nine
ladies dancing eight maids a-milking
seven swans a-swimming six geese
a-laying five golden rings four calling
Birds three French hens two turtle doves
and
you